1,The Great Gatsby,F. Scott Fitzgerald,Fiction,12.99,4.5,10,Classic novel,/images/gatsby.jpg,"The Great Gatsby is a story of lost love, wealth, and the American Dream. Set in the Roaring Twenties, it follows Jay Gatsby, a mysterious millionaire, and his obsession with the beautiful Daisy Buchanan. Through lavish parties and tragic romance, Fitzgerald explores themes of decadence, idealism, and social upheaval. The novel is a timeless critique of the American upper class and the illusion of happiness.","F. Scott Fitzgerald was an American novelist and short story writer, widely regarded as one of the greatest American writers of the 20th century. His works, including 'The Great Gatsby' and 'Tender Is the Night,' capture the spirit of the Jazz Age and the disillusionment of the post-war generation."
2,To Kill a Mockingbird,Harper Lee,Fiction,9.99,4.8,15,Classic novel,/images/mockingbird.jpg,"Set in the Deep South during the 1930s, 'To Kill a Mockingbird' tells the story of young Scout Finch and her brother Jem as their father, Atticus, defends a black man falsely accused of a terrible crime. The novel explores themes of racial injustice, moral growth, and compassion. Through the eyes of children, Harper Lee delivers a powerful message about empathy and the fight for justice.","Harper Lee was an American novelist best known for her 1960 novel 'To Kill a Mockingbird,' which won the Pulitzer Prize. Her writing is celebrated for its warmth, humor, and deep understanding of human nature."
3,1984,George Orwell,Science Fiction,11.99,4.7,8,Dystopian novel,/images/1984.jpg,"'1984' is a chilling prophecy about the future. In a totalitarian society ruled by Big Brother, Winston Smith struggles with oppression, surveillance, and the loss of individuality. Orwell's masterpiece is a powerful warning about the dangers of totalitarianism, censorship, and the manipulation of truth.","George Orwell was an English novelist, essayist, journalist, and critic. He is best known for his novels 'Animal Farm' and '1984,' which are celebrated for their social commentary and political insight."
4,The Hobbit,J.R.R. Tolkien,Fantasy,13.99,4.9,12,Fantasy adventure,/images/hobbit.jpg,"'The Hobbit' follows the journey of Bilbo Baggins, a reluctant hobbit who is swept into an epic quest to reclaim a lost dwarf kingdom from the fearsome dragon Smaug. Along the way, Bilbo encounters trolls, goblins, elves, and the mysterious Gollum. Tolkien's classic is a tale of courage, friendship, and the magic of adventure.","J.R.R. Tolkien was an English writer, poet, and academic, best known for creating the high-fantasy works 'The Hobbit' and 'The Lord of the Rings.' His imaginative world-building and storytelling have inspired generations of readers."
5,The Da Vinci Code,Dan Brown,Mystery,10.99,4.3,9,Mystery thriller,/images/davinci.jpg,"A murder in the Louvre Museum leads symbologist Robert Langdon and cryptologist Sophie Neveu on a thrilling quest for a hidden secret protected by a secret society for centuries. 'The Da Vinci Code' is a fast-paced mystery that blends art, history, and religion in a gripping narrative.","Dan Brown is an American author best known for his thriller novels, including 'The Da Vinci Code,' 'Angels & Demons,' and 'Inferno.' His books are known for their intricate plots and historical references."
6,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,J.K. Rowling,Fantasy,14.99,4.9,20,First Harry Potter book,/images/hp1.jpg,"Harry Potter discovers he is a wizard on his 11th birthday and attends Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There, he makes friends, learns magic, and uncovers the mystery of the Sorcerer's Stone. The first book in the beloved series introduces readers to a magical world full of wonder and danger.","J.K. Rowling is a British author best known for writing the 'Harry Potter' series, which has become one of the best-selling book series in history. Her work has inspired movies, plays, and a global fan community."
7,The Notebook,Nicholas Sparks,Romance,9.49,4.4,13,Romantic novel,/images/notebook.jpg,"'The Notebook' is a poignant love story that spans decades. Noah and Allie fall in love one summer, but are separated by social class and circumstance. Years later, their paths cross again, testing the strength of their love and memories. Sparks' novel explores themes of enduring love and the power of memory.","Nicholas Sparks is an American novelist and screenwriter, known for his romantic novels such as 'The Notebook,' 'A Walk to Remember,' and 'Dear John.' His books often explore themes of love, loss, and hope."
8,Pride and Prejudice,Jane Austen,Romance,8.99,4.7,15,Classic romance,/images/pride.jpg,"Set in rural England, 'Pride and Prejudice' follows the spirited Elizabeth Bennet as she navigates issues of manners, marriage, and morality. The novel is renowned for its wit, memorable characters, and social commentary on the British landed gentry.","Jane Austen was an English novelist known for her six major novels, including 'Pride and Prejudice' and 'Sense and Sensibility.' Her works are celebrated for their realism, biting irony, and social observation."
9,The Alchemist,Paulo Coelho,Fiction,10.99,4.6,12,Philosophical novel,/images/alchemist.jpg,"'The Alchemist' tells the story of Santiago, a young shepherd who dreams of finding a worldly treasure. His journey takes him across the desert, where he learns about the importance of listening to his heart and following his dreams. Coelho's novel is a philosophical tale about destiny and self-discovery.","Paulo Coelho is a Brazilian lyricist and novelist, best known for his novel 'The Alchemist.' His works have been translated into dozens of languages and have inspired millions of readers worldwide."
10,The Fault in Our Stars,John Green,Romance,11.99,4.8,18,Young adult romance,/images/fault.jpg,"Hazel and Gus are two teenagers who meet at a cancer support group and fall in love. Despite the challenges they face, their relationship is filled with humor, honesty, and hope. John Green's novel is a moving exploration of life, love, and loss.","John Green is an American author and YouTube content creator, best known for his young adult novels such as 'The Fault in Our Stars' and 'Looking for Alaska.' His writing is known for its wit, emotional depth, and relatable characters."
11,The Kite Runner,Khaled Hosseini,Fiction,12.99,4.7,14,Historical fiction,/images/kite.jpg,"'The Kite Runner' is a powerful story of friendship, betrayal, and redemption set against the backdrop of Afghanistan's turbulent history. Amir and Hassan's bond is tested by events that will haunt them for a lifetime. Hosseini's debut novel is a moving exploration of guilt and forgiveness.","Khaled Hosseini is an Afghan-American novelist and physician, best known for his novels 'The Kite Runner' and 'A Thousand Splendid Suns.' His works often explore themes of family, exile, and the immigrant experience."
12,The Book Thief,Markus Zusak,Fiction,13.99,4.8,16,Historical fiction,/images/bookthief.jpg,"Narrated by Death, 'The Book Thief' follows Liesel, a young girl living in Nazi Germany, as she steals books and shares them with her neighbors. The novel is a testament to the power of words and the resilience of the human spirit during dark times.","Markus Zusak is an Australian author best known for his novel 'The Book Thief.' His writing is praised for its originality, emotional impact, and unique narrative style."
13,The Time Traveler's Wife,Audrey Niffenegger,Romance,11.99,4.5,12,Science fiction romance,/images/timetraveler.jpg,"A love story with a twist: Henry is a time traveler, and Clare is his wife. Their relationship is tested by Henry's unpredictable disappearances and the challenges of living out of sync with time. Niffenegger's novel is a poignant exploration of love, fate, and loss.","Audrey Niffenegger is an American writer and artist, best known for her debut novel 'The Time Traveler's Wife.' Her works often blend elements of fantasy, romance, and psychological drama."
14,The Help,Kathryn Stockett,Fiction,12.99,4.7,15,Historical fiction,/images/help.jpg,"Set in 1960s Mississippi, 'The Help' tells the story of three women who come together to write a book exposing the racism faced by black maids working for white families. Stockett's novel is a powerful tale of courage, friendship, and social change.","Kathryn Stockett is an American novelist best known for her debut novel 'The Help.' Her writing explores themes of race, class, and the complexities of human relationships."
15,The Secret Life of Bees,Sue Monk Kidd,Fiction,10.99,4.6,13,Coming of age novel,/images/bees.jpg,"'The Secret Life of Bees' follows Lily Owens, a young girl who escapes her troubled home and finds refuge with a group of beekeeping sisters in South Carolina. The novel explores themes of family, forgiveness, and the search for belonging.","Sue Monk Kidd is an American author best known for her novels 'The Secret Life of Bees' and 'The Invention of Wings.' Her works often focus on themes of spiritual growth and female empowerment."
16,The Perks of Being a Wallflower,Stephen Chbosky,Fiction,9.99,4.7,14,Coming of age novel,/images/wallflower.jpg,"A coming-of-age story about Charlie, a shy and introspective teenager, as he navigates high school, friendship, love, and trauma. The novel explores the challenges of growing up and the importance of finding your own voice.","Stephen Chbosky is an American novelist, screenwriter, and film director, best known for 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower.' His work often explores themes of adolescence and self-discovery."
17,The Giver,Lois Lowry,Science Fiction,8.99,4.6,12,Dystopian novel,/images/giver.jpg,"In a seemingly perfect society without pain or suffering, young Jonas is chosen to inherit the memories of the past. As he learns the truth about his world, he must make a choice that will change everything. A thought-provoking tale about freedom and individuality.","Lois Lowry is an American writer credited with more than thirty children's books, including 'The Giver' and 'Number the Stars.' She is known for tackling complex themes in her work."
18,The Catcher in the Rye,J.D. Salinger,Fiction,9.99,4.5,11,Coming of age novel,/images/catcher.jpg,"Holden Caulfield recounts his experiences in New York City after being expelled from prep school. The novel captures the confusion, alienation, and rebellion of adolescence in a unique and enduring voice.","J.D. Salinger was an American writer best known for his novel 'The Catcher in the Rye.' His work is celebrated for its insight into the human condition and the struggles of youth."
19,The Little Prince,Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,Fiction,7.99,4.8,15,Philosophical novel,/images/littleprince.jpg,"A poetic tale of a young prince who travels from planet to planet, learning about love, loss, and the nature of human relationships. The story is a timeless meditation on innocence and the search for meaning.","Antoine de Saint-Exupéry was a French writer, poet, and aviator, best known for 'The Little Prince.' His works combine adventure, philosophy, and a deep sense of humanity."
20,The Color Purple,Alice Walker,Fiction,11.99,4.7,13,Historical fiction,/images/purple.jpg,"The story of Celie, an African American woman in the early 20th-century American South, as she overcomes adversity and finds her voice. The novel explores themes of race, gender, and resilience.","Alice Walker is an American novelist, short story writer, and poet, best known for 'The Color Purple.' Her work often addresses issues of race, gender, and social justice."
21,The Bell Jar,Sylvia Plath,Fiction,10.99,4.6,12,Psychological novel,/images/belljar.jpg,"A compelling story that explores important themes and captivates readers with its unique narrative.","This author is known for their impactful writing and contribution to literature."
22,The Picture of Dorian Gray,Oscar Wilde,Fiction,9.99,4.7,14,Gothic novel,/images/dorian.jpg,"A compelling story that explores important themes and captivates readers with its unique narrative.","This author is known for their impactful writing and contribution to literature."
23,The Sun Also Rises,Ernest Hemingway,Fiction,10.99,4.5,11,Modernist novel,/images/sun.jpg,"A story of disillusionment and disconnection, 'The Sun Also Rises' follows a group of expatriates in post-World War I Europe. The novel explores themes of loss, disillusionment, and the search for meaning.","Ernest Hemingway was an American novelist and journalist, best known for his novels 'The Old Man and the Sea' and 'A Farewell to Arms.' His work is celebrated for its simplicity, directness, and deep understanding of human nature."
24,The Old Man and the Sea,Ernest Hemingway,Fiction,8.99,4.6,13,Classic novel,/images/oldman.jpg,"'The Old Man and the Sea' tells the story of Santiago, an aging Cuban fisherman, and his epic struggle with a giant marlin. The novel explores themes of perseverance, pride, and the struggle between man and nature.","Ernest Hemingway was an American novelist and journalist, best known for his novels 'The Old Man and the Sea' and 'A Farewell to Arms.' His work is celebrated for its simplicity, directness, and deep understanding of human nature."
25,The Road,Cormac McCarthy,Fiction,11.99,4.7,12,Post-apocalyptic novel,/images/road.jpg,"'The Road' is a bleak and desolate tale of a father and son's journey through a post-apocalyptic world. The novel explores themes of survival, sacrifice, and the power of human love.","Cormac McCarthy is an American novelist and short story writer, best known for his novels 'The Road' and 'No Country for Old Men.' His work is celebrated for its bleakness, brutality, and deep understanding of human nature."
26,The Handmaid's Tale,Margaret Atwood,Science Fiction,12.99,4.8,15,Dystopian novel,/images/handmaid.jpg,"In a totalitarian society, women are forced into a life of servitude and oppression. 'The Handmaid's Tale' is a chilling portrayal of the dangers of totalitarianism and the loss of individual freedom.","Margaret Atwood is a Canadian novelist and poet, best known for her novels 'The Handmaid's Tale' and 'The Blind Assassin.' Her work is celebrated for its dystopian vision and deep understanding of human nature."
27,The Goldfinch,Donna Tartt,Fiction,14.99,4.6,13,Literary fiction,/images/goldfinch.jpg,"A coming-of-age story about a young man's journey through grief and loss. 'The Goldfinch' explores themes of love, loss, and the search for meaning.","Donna Tartt is an American novelist, best known for her novels 'The Goldfinch' and 'The Secret History.' Her work is celebrated for its psychological depth and emotional impact."
28,The Night Circus,Erin Morgenstern,Fiction,13.99,4.7,14,Fantasy novel,/images/nightcircus.jpg,"A tale of love and magic, 'The Night Circus' follows the story of Celia and Marco, two young magicians who fall in love while performing at a traveling circus. The novel explores themes of love, magic, and the power of fate.","Erin Morgenstern is an American author best known for her debut novel 'The Night Circus.' Her work is celebrated for its magical realism and deep understanding of human nature."
29,The Martian,Andy Weir,Science Fiction,12.99,4.8,16,Science fiction,/images/martian.jpg,"A stranded astronaut must learn to survive on Mars while waiting for rescue. 'The Martian' explores themes of survival, ingenuity, and the power of human spirit.","Andy Weir is an American author best known for his science fiction novel 'The Martian.' His work is celebrated for its scientific accuracy and deep understanding of human nature."
30,The Girl on the Train,Paula Hawkins,Mystery,11.99,4.5,15,Psychological thriller,/images/girltrain.jpg,"A psychological thriller about a woman who becomes entangled in a murder investigation. 'The Girl on the Train' explores themes of obsession, betrayal, and the power of memory.","Paula Hawkins is an English author best known for her psychological thriller 'The Girl on the Train.' Her work is celebrated for its psychological depth and emotional impact."
31,The Silent Patient,Alex Michaelides,Mystery,12.99,4.7,14,Psychological thriller,/images/silent.jpg,"A psychological thriller about a woman who becomes the silent patient of a psychiatrist. 'The Silent Patient' explores themes of obsession, betrayal, and the power of memory.","Alex Michaelides is an English author best known for his psychological thriller 'The Silent Patient.' His work is celebrated for its psychological depth and emotional impact."
32,The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo,Taylor Jenkins Reid,Fiction,13.99,4.8,15,Historical fiction,/images/evelyn.jpg,"A story of love and betrayal, 'The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo' follows the story of a woman who has had seven husbands and one lover. The novel explores themes of love, betrayal, and the search for meaning.","Taylor Jenkins Reid is an American author best known for her historical fiction novel 'The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
33,The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue,V.E. Schwab,Fiction,14.99,4.7,13,Fantasy novel,/images/addie.jpg,"A story of love and fate, 'The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue' follows the story of a woman who makes a deal with the devil in exchange for eternal youth. The novel explores themes of love, fate, and the search for meaning.","V.E. Schwab is an American author best known for her fantasy novel 'The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
34,The House in the Cerulean Sea,T.J. Klune,Fantasy,14.99,4.8,15,Fantasy novel,/images/cerulean.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The House in the Cerulean Sea' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","T.J. Klune is an American author best known for his fantasy novel 'The House in the Cerulean Sea.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
35,The Song of Achilles,Madeline Miller,Fiction,13.99,4.9,16,Historical fiction,/images/achilles.jpg,"A retelling of the Iliad from the perspective of Patroclus. 'The Song of Achilles' explores themes of love, loss, and the power of human spirit.","Madeline Miller is an American author best known for her historical fiction novel 'The Song of Achilles.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
36,The Priory of the Orange Tree,Samantha Shannon,Fantasy,15.99,4.7,14,Fantasy novel,/images/priory.jpg,"A story of love and betrayal, 'The Priory of the Orange Tree' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, betrayal, and the power of imagination.","Samantha Shannon is an English author best known for her fantasy novel 'The Priory of the Orange Tree.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
37,The Thursday Murder Club,Richard Osman,Mystery,12.99,4.6,13,Cozy mystery,/images/thursday.jpg,"A cozy mystery about a group of friends who solve murders. 'The Thursday Murder Club' explores themes of friendship, mystery, and the power of human spirit.","Richard Osman is an English author best known for his cozy mystery series 'The Thursday Murder Club.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and comedic tone."
38,The Lincoln Highway,Amor Towles,Fiction,14.99,4.7,15,Historical fiction,/images/lincoln.jpg,"A coming-of-age story about a young man's journey across America. 'The Lincoln Highway' explores themes of friendship, adventure, and the power of human spirit.","Amor Towles is an American novelist best known for his historical fiction novel 'The Lincoln Highway.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
39,The Last Thing He Told Me,Laura Dave,Mystery,13.99,4.6,14,Psychological thriller,/images/lastthing.jpg,"A psychological thriller about a woman who becomes entangled in a murder investigation. 'The Last Thing He Told Me' explores themes of obsession, betrayal, and the power of memory.","Laura Dave is an American author best known for her psychological thriller 'The Last Thing He Told Me.' Her work is celebrated for its psychological depth and emotional impact."
40,The Paper Palace,Miranda Cowley Heller,Fiction,14.99,4.7,13,Literary fiction,/images/paper.jpg,"A story of love and loss, 'The Paper Palace' follows the story of a woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, loss, and the power of imagination.","Miranda Cowley Heller is an American author best known for her literary fiction novel 'The Paper Palace.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
41,The Final Girl Support Group,Grady Hendrix,Horror,13.99,4.6,12,Horror novel,/images/finalgirl.jpg,"A horror novel about a group of friends who become entangled in a murder investigation. 'The Final Girl Support Group' explores themes of friendship, horror, and the power of human spirit.","Grady Hendrix is an American author best known for his horror novel 'The Final Girl Support Group.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and horror tone."
42,The Guncle,Steven Rowley,Fiction,13.99,4.7,14,Contemporary fiction,/images/guncle.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Guncle' follows the story of a young man who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Steven Rowley is an American author best known for his contemporary fiction novel 'The Guncle.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
43,The Reading List,Sara Nisha Adams,Fiction,12.99,4.6,13,Contemporary fiction,/images/readinglist.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Reading List' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Sara Nisha Adams is an American author best known for her contemporary fiction novel 'The Reading List.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
44,The Personal Librarian,Marie Benedict,Fiction,14.99,4.7,15,Historical fiction,/images/librarian.jpg,"A story of love and betrayal, 'The Personal Librarian' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, betrayal, and the power of imagination.","Marie Benedict is an American author best known for her historical fiction novel 'The Personal Librarian.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
45,The Last House on Needless Street,Catriona Ward,Horror,13.99,4.6,12,Psychological horror,/images/needless.jpg,"A psychological horror novel about a woman who becomes entangled in a murder investigation. 'The Last House on Needless Street' explores themes of obsession, betrayal, and the power of memory.","Catriona Ward is an English author best known for her psychological horror novel 'The Last House on Needless Street.' Her work is celebrated for its psychological depth and emotional impact."
46,The Four Winds,Kristin Hannah,Fiction,14.99,4.8,16,Historical fiction,/images/fourwinds.jpg,"A story of love and loss, 'The Four Winds' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, loss, and the power of human spirit.","Kristin Hannah is an American author best known for her historical fiction novel 'The Four Winds.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
47,The Paris Apartment,Lucy Foley,Mystery,13.99,4.6,14,Psychological thriller,/images/paris.jpg,"A psychological thriller about a woman who becomes entangled in a murder investigation. 'The Paris Apartment' explores themes of obsession, betrayal, and the power of memory.","Lucy Foley is an English author best known for her psychological thriller novel 'The Paris Apartment.' Her work is celebrated for its psychological depth and emotional impact."
48,The Cartographers,Peng Shepherd,Fiction,14.99,4.7,13,Fantasy novel,/images/cartographers.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Cartographers' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Peng Shepherd is an American author best known for his fantasy novel 'The Cartographers.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
49,The Diamond Eye,Kate Quinn,Fiction,14.99,4.8,15,Historical fiction,/images/diamond.jpg,"A story of love and betrayal, 'The Diamond Eye' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, betrayal, and the power of imagination.","Kate Quinn is an American author best known for her historical fiction novel 'The Diamond Eye.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
50,The Club,Ellery Lloyd,Mystery,13.99,4.6,14,Psychological thriller,/images/club.jpg,"A psychological thriller about a group of friends who become entangled in a murder investigation. 'The Club' explores themes of friendship, horror, and the power of human spirit.","Ellery Lloyd is an American author best known for her psychological thriller novel 'The Club.' Her work is celebrated for its psychological depth and emotional impact."
51,The Love Hypothesis,Ali Hazelwood,Romance,12.99,4.7,15,Contemporary romance,/images/lovehypothesis.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Love Hypothesis' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ali Hazelwood is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'The Love Hypothesis.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
52,Beach Read,Emily Henry,Romance,13.99,4.6,14,Contemporary romance,/images/beachread.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'Beach Read' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Emily Henry is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'Beach Read.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
53,The Spanish Love Deception,Elena Armas,Romance,12.99,4.5,13,Contemporary romance,/images/spanishlove.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Spanish Love Deception' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Elena Armas is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'The Spanish Love Deception.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
54,It Ends With Us,Colleen Hoover,Romance,13.99,4.8,16,Contemporary romance,/images/itendswithus.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'It Ends With Us' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Colleen Hoover is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'It Ends With Us.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
55,The Hating Game,Sally Thorne,Romance,11.99,4.7,15,Contemporary romance,/images/hatinggame.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Hating Game' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Sally Thorne is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'The Hating Game.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
56,"Red, White & Royal Blue",Casey McQuiston,Romance,13.99,4.8,14,Contemporary romance,/images/redwhite.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'Red, White & Royal Blue' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Casey McQuiston is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'Red, White & Royal Blue.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
57,The Kiss Quotient,Helen Hoang,Romance,12.99,4.7,13,Contemporary romance,/images/kissquotient.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Kiss Quotient' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Helen Hoang is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'The Kiss Quotient.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
58,The Unhoneymooners,Christina Lauren,Romance,13.99,4.6,15,Contemporary romance,/images/unhoneymooners.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Unhoneymooners' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Christina Lauren is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'The Unhoneymooners.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
59,The Flatshare,Beth O'Leary,Romance,12.99,4.7,14,Contemporary romance,/images/flatshare.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Flatshare' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Beth O'Leary is an English author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'The Flatshare.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
60,The Wedding Date,Jasmine Guillory,Romance,11.99,4.5,13,Contemporary romance,/images/weddingdate.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'The Wedding Date' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Jasmine Guillory is an American author best known for her contemporary romance novel 'The Wedding Date.' Her work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
61,මල් දොඹකර,Martin Wickramasinghe,Fiction,8.99,4.7,12,Sinhala classic novel,/images/maldombakara.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'මල් දොඹකර' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Martin Wickramasinghe is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala classic novel 'මල් දොඹකර.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
62,ගම්පෙරළිය,Martin Wickramasinghe,Fiction,9.99,4.8,14,Sinhala historical novel,/images/gamperaliya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'ගම්පෙරළිය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Martin Wickramasinghe is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala historical novel 'ගම්පෙරළිය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
63,යුගාන්තය,Martin Wickramasinghe,Fiction,10.99,4.7,13,Sinhala novel,/images/yuganthaya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'යුගාන්තය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Martin Wickramasinghe is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'යුගාන්තය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
64,කලියුගය,Martin Wickramasinghe,Fiction,9.99,4.6,12,Sinhala novel,/images/kaliyugaya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'කලියුගය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Martin Wickramasinghe is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'කලියුගය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
65,සහෝදරයා,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Sinhala novel,/images/sahodaraya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සහෝදරයා' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සහෝදරයා.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
66,මලගිය අවස්ථාව,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,9.99,4.6,13,Sinhala novel,/images/malagiya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'මලගිය අවස්ථාව' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'මලගිය අවස්ථාව.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
67,පරණ සිහින,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,10.99,4.7,14,Sinhala novel,/images/parana.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'පරණ සිහින' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'පරණ සිහින.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
68,මාතර සංගීතය,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,9.99,4.8,12,Sinhala novel,/images/matara.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'මාතර සංගීතය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'මාතර සංගීතය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
69,සිහින මල්,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Sinhala novel,/images/sihinmal.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සිහින මල්' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සිහින මල්.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
70,අපේ ගම,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,9.99,4.6,13,Sinhala novel,/images/apegama.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'අපේ ගම' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'අපේ ගම.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
71,සුදු වැලි තීරුව,Gunadasa Amarasekara,Fiction,10.99,4.7,14,Sinhala novel,/images/suduweli.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සුදු වැලි තීරුව' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Gunadasa Amarasekara is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සුදු වැලි තීරුව.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
72,දුව,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,9.99,4.8,12,Sinhala novel,/images/duwa.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'දුව' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'දුව.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
73,සඳකඩපහණ,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Sinhala novel,/images/sandakadapahana.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සඳකඩපහණ' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සඳකඩපහණ.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
74,යකඩ මිනිසා,Gunadasa Amarasekara,Fiction,9.99,4.6,13,Sinhala novel,/images/yakadaminisa.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'යකඩ මිනිසා' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Gunadasa Amarasekara is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'යකඩ මිනිසා.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
75,ගැමි ජීවිතය,Gunadasa Amarasekara,Fiction,10.99,4.7,14,Sinhala novel,/images/gamijiwitaya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'ගැමි ජීවිතය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Gunadasa Amarasekara is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'ගැමි ජීවිතය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
76,අම්මාවරු,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,9.99,4.8,12,Sinhala novel,/images/ammawaru.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'අම්මාවරු' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'අම්මාවරු.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
77,සුළඟින් එන සුවඳ,Gunadasa Amarasekara,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Sinhala novel,/images/sulangin.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සුළඟින් එන සුවඳ' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Gunadasa Amarasekara is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සුළඟින් එන සුවඳ.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
78,කඩවත,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,9.99,4.6,13,Sinhala novel,/images/kadawatha.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'කඩවත' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'කඩවත.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
79,අනුරාධපුර ඇතුළත,Gunadasa Amarasekara,Fiction,10.99,4.7,14,Sinhala novel,/images/anurathapura.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'අනුරාධපුර ඇතුළත' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Gunadasa Amarasekara is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'අනුරාධපුර ඇතුළත.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
80,මල් ගෙඩිය,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,9.99,4.8,12,Sinhala novel,/images/malgediya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'මල් ගෙඩිය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'මල් ගෙඩිය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
81,විරාගය,Gunadasa Amarasekara,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Sinhala novel,/images/wiragaya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'විරාගය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Gunadasa Amarasekara is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'විරාගය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
82,අමාවතුර,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,9.99,4.6,13,Sinhala novel,/images/amawathura.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'අමාවතුර' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'අමාවතුර.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
83,කරුණාව,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,10.99,4.7,14,Sinhala novel,/images/karunawa.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'කරුණාව' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'කරුණාව.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
84,සිංහල ගීත,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,9.99,4.8,12,Sinhala novel,/images/sinhala.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සිංහල ගීත' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සිංහල ගීත.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
85,මනමේල,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Sinhala novel,/images/manamela.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'මනමේල' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'මනමේල.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
86,සුවඳ විල,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,9.99,4.6,13,Sinhala novel,/images/suwanda.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සුවඳ විල' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සුවඳ විල.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
87,අස්ගිරිය,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,10.99,4.7,14,Sinhala novel,/images/asgiriya.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'අස්ගිරිය' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'අස්ගිරිය.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
88,පුන්චි සිහින,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,9.99,4.8,12,Sinhala novel,/images/punchi.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'පුන්චි සිහින' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'පුන්චි සිහින.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
89,සුදු මල,Simon Navagattegama,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Sinhala novel,/images/sudumala.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'සුදු මල' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Simon Navagattegama is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'සුදු මල.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
90,කුරුලු ගීත,Ediriweera Sarachchandra,Fiction,9.99,4.6,13,Sinhala novel,/images/kurulu.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'කුරුලු ගීත' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Ediriweera Sarachchandra is a Sri Lankan author best known for his Sinhala novel 'කුරුලු ගීත.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and imaginative world-building."
91,मदर इंडिया,Munshi Premchand,Fiction,8.99,4.7,12,Hindi classic novel,/images/motherindia.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'मदर इंडिया' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Munshi Premchand was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi classic novel 'मदर इंडिया.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
92,गोदान,Munshi Premchand,Fiction,9.99,4.8,14,Hindi novel,/images/godan.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'गोदान' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Munshi Premchand was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'गोदान.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
93,निर्मला,Munshi Premchand,Fiction,10.99,4.7,13,Hindi novel,/images/nirmala.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'निर्मला' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Munshi Premchand was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'निर्मला.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
94,गबन,Munshi Premchand,Fiction,9.99,4.6,12,Hindi novel,/images/gaban.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'गबन' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Munshi Premchand was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'गबन.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
95,कफन,Munshi Premchand,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Hindi novel,/images/kafan.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'कफन' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Munshi Premchand was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'कफन.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
96,मैला आंचल,Phanishwar Nath Renu,Fiction,9.99,4.8,13,Hindi novel,/images/maila.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'मैला आंचल' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Phanishwar Nath Renu was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'मैला आंचल.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
97,रागदरबारी,Shrilal Shukla,Fiction,10.99,4.7,14,Hindi novel,/images/ragdarbari.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'रागदरबारी' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Shrilal Shukla was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'रागदरबारी.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
98,मिट्टी की गाड़ी,Rahul Sankrityayan,Fiction,9.99,4.6,12,Hindi novel,/images/mitti.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'मिट्टी की गाड़ी' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Rahul Sankrityayan was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'मिट्टी की गाड़ी.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
99,गुनाहों का देवता,Dharamvir Bharati,Fiction,8.99,4.7,15,Hindi novel,/images/gunahon.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'गुनाहों का देवता' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Dharamvir Bharati was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'गुनाहों का देवता.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
100,मैं नापुंसक,Amritlal Nagar,Fiction,9.99,4.8,13,Hindi novel,/images/maenapunsak.jpg,"A story of love and acceptance, 'मैं नापुंसक' follows the story of a young woman who discovers a hidden world of magical creatures. The novel explores themes of love, acceptance, and the power of imagination.","Amritlal Nagar was an Indian novelist, best known for his Hindi novel 'मैं नापुंसक.' His work is celebrated for its emotional depth and historical accuracy."
101,The Book of History,John Historian,Historical,15.99,4.7,10,An epic journey through time.,/images/history.jpg,"A sweeping account of world history from ancient to modern times, exploring the events and people that shaped our civilization.","John Historian is a renowned author and historian, known for his engaging and accessible works on world history."
102,The Teen Adventure,Sarah Young,Young Adult,12.99,4.5,12,Exciting coming-of-age story.,/images/teenadventure.jpg,"A group of teens embarks on a summer adventure that changes their lives forever. Friendship, courage, and self-discovery await in this young adult favorite.","Sarah Young is a popular author of young adult fiction, celebrated for her relatable characters and heartfelt storytelling." 

<script>
  // Set dark mode class before page renders to prevent flash
  (function() {
    try {
      if (localStorage.getItem('darkMode') === 'true') {
        document.documentElement.classList.add('dark-mode');
        document.body && document.body.classList.add('dark-mode');
      }
    } catch(e) {}
  })();
</script> 